README.md, before:

# Challenge-14-CMS-style-blog

  ## Table of contents 

  - [Description](#description) 

  - [License](#license) 

  - [Installation](#installation) 

  - [Credits](#credits) 

  - [Usage](#usage) 

  - [Contributors](#contributors) 

  - [Tests](#tests) 

  - [Questions](#questions) 

  ## Description 
 This project entailed creating a full stack application using express.js, MySql2, Mysql, express-session and handlebars to create a full stack app that allow the user to create and account and login. When logged in the user is able to make new posts as well as comment on post. This app is deployed on heroku. 

  ## License 
 MIT License 

  ![License: MIT](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md) 

  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) 

  ## Installation 
 If planning to use this code, a .env file is required 

  ## Credits 
 n/a 

  ## Usage 
 Used to create a full stack blog website 

  ## Contributors 
 n/a 

  ## Tests 
 n/a 

  ## Questions 
 Email:sked98@gmail.com 
 [sophiekedrowski](https://www.github.com/sophiekedrowski)

Commit message:

Buggy, out of time to fix

README.md, after:

# Challenge-14-CMS-style-blog

  ## Table of contents 

  - [Description](#description) 

  - [License](#license) 

  - [Installation](#installation) 

  - [Credits](#credits) 

  - [Usage](#usage) 

  - [Contributors](#contributors) 

  - [Tests](#tests) 

  - [Questions](#questions) 

  ## Description 
 This project entailed creating a full stack application using express.js, MySql2, Mysql, express-session and handlebars to create a full stack app that allow the user to create and account and login. When logged in the user is able to make new posts as well as comment on post. This app is deployed on heroku. 

 Currently buggy, trying to hopefully solve in time.

 [Link to deployed application on heroku](https://challenge14sophiek.herokuapp.com/)

  ## License 
 MIT License 

  ![License: MIT](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md) 

  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) 

  ## Installation 
 If planning to use this code, a .env file is required 

  ## Credits 
 n/a 

  ## Usage 
 Used to create a full stack blog website 

  ## Contributors 
 n/a 

  ## Tests 
 n/a 

  ## Questions 
 Email:sked98@gmail.com 
 [sophiekedrowski](https://www.github.com/sophiekedrowski)
